>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay,
let's execute this.
I don't know what will happen.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: So
let me start here.
Okay, I'm able to open database file,
and here I have the path, blah.
Look at this,
its trying to it said it's the file,
trying to see if I am seeing it's
here the constructor has to do there
is a problem with the constructor okay
it cannot open the database file so
this is the problem I'm in the DB and
I'm using dot dot I'm not
sure if you remember when I type
that I ask should I do the dot.
We'll see.
Well, this is the moment to see.
So, it says, well, we are in DB, so we
are going one level up to get into data,
which seems like a good idea,
but seems like it's not working.
Why is that?
Because, actually,
our entry point Index PHP.
Doesn't make sense, so
what happens if I do this instead?
Remember, include is like copy and
pasting.
We're not talking about modules here.
These are not modules,
just including the file.
We are including the DB file in Index PHP.
So then this code is being executed
in the context of index PHP.
Does it make sense?
So then I can try again.
And well, we are getting better.
So we are getting something, but
it's not yet what we are expecting.
So it says trying to access array
offset on integer on the index line 32.
Okay.
By the way, I'm not ready with the index,
but it's complaining here because
it doesn't have a description,
which I think it should be right.
So first, something that I can do is I
can do a bar dump of exhibits to see,
okay, what do we have here?
Okay, so if I refresh,
this is what we have.
We have an array of four elements, okay?
The four elements are directly this.
So, I'm not sure if you realize what's
going on here I'm getting only one
element it's an array of four it's only
one element only one exhibit let's
try to understand what's going on before
moving on so I don't want to see this so
I will actually delete that part because
I actually wanna do a master detail so
when I get into a detail.
So I, I'm going to delete the article.
What I want actually is a list.
I will create a UL outside and
I will close the UL here like that.
And I'm going to create list items.
Okay?
Make sense?
So I added the UL.
And DLI.
Do you understand why?
I just wanna list the titles,
just that I don't wanna see the rest.
Let's go back to the SQL Light 3
implementation that we have here.
fetch array, this.
I tried to see, I'm not sure if
VS Code will give me, yeah, I wanna,
will give me the answer.
It says, fetches a result row as
an associative or numerical array.
So if you look here,
it fetch array is giving me just one row.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: One row,
not all the rows, can you see that?
Let's try to analyze
the solution in this way,
just because we have this one that is
working let me do this let me go and
grab from here let's change
this to execute one.
One what?
One result.
Okay, so I want to receive one result.
So we know that it works for
that situation, for one.
And what are we going to do now?
I'm going to take that index PHP and
I'm going to make another copy.
And by the way, copy and
pasting doesn't seem like a good idea, but
you will understand what
we are doing in a second.
I will call this details PHP, Okay?
But can you see that we have
always the same HML as a header,
the same footer, and
we are copy and pasting,
every page has the same header and footer.
Do we have any other solution for that?
Can you think on any other
solution instead of just
duplicating the whole design?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Copy to an import?
To an include.
Include?
Yeah, we can use includes.
So for example, I can take,
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Maybe
can be here to the main, this part.
I will cut that part completely I will
create a new file, paste it as header.
Sometimes we use a different ink,
this is pretty common,
suffix or prefix, saying include.
So you know it's an include.
It's something for being included, okay?
So then in details PHP here you open and
you say I wanna include here
the header ink PHP, okay?
And then, okay, that's all.
And well, something to the end,
actually the footer is
very simple here, but
let's do that for the first as well so
I'm going to take that and
I'm to save it as footer ink.
Does it make sense?
Kind of?
Would you usually put those all in
their own folder, the includes?
We can also create the folder for
includes, yeah Sure.
So now every page should have
the include here and there.
This is, let's say it's an old way
to do this, to be honest, right?
So it's not really the best way.
The way that I like is to actually
do the reverse operation.
Great idea of a master page.
So, I create the HML, and I say here
is the placeholder for the data.
But PHP doesn't have that incorporated, so
you need to program that yourself,
the idea of a master page.
Of course, if you're using a library or
a framework, typically they have that.
You define a template that will
be your master page template, and
then you change that, okay?
Does it make sense?
Any question?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: No.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: So now,
I can do the same for index PHP.
So, I can delete everything.
From here there, I paste it.
Remember that include is just a copy and
paste, so that's why it should work.
The advantage is now I can also
change the indentation if I want.
So, it gets back simpler indentation now,
because now every page
has only the part that belongs to
that page and nothing else, okay?
So I think that that's that's pretty cool.